### Get started with Azure Databricks
1. Azure Databricks is an integration between Microsoft Azure and the Apache Spark's Databricks implementation.
2. Spark is an open-source analytics engine for large-scala data processing.
3. A job is a way of running a notebook or JAR either immediately or on a scheduled basis.
4. An Azure Databricks database is a collection of tables.

### Work with data in Azure Databricks
1. Spark uses 3 different APIs: RDDs, DataFrames, and DataSets

### Prepare data for machine learning with Azure Databricks
1. SMOTE (Synthetic Minority Over-sampling Technique)

### Train a machine learning model with Azure Databricks
1. MLLib is a legacy approach for machine learning on Apache Spark. 
2. SparkML supports DataFrames in its API, versus the classic RDD approach.
3. The difference is that the "classic" MLLib namespace is org.apache.spark.mllib whereas the Spark ML namespace is org.apache.spark.ml.
4.A transformer takes a DataFrame as an input and returns a new DataFrame as an output. Transformers are helpful for performing feature engineering and feature selection, as the result of a transformer is another DataFrame.
5.An estimator takes a DataFrame as an input and returns a model. It implements a .fit() method.

### Distributed deep learning with Horovod and Azure Databricks
Horovod is a distributed deep learning training framework for TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, and Apache MXNet. The goal of Horovod is to make distributed deep learning fast and easy to use.
Usage:
1. Run hvd.init() to initialize Horovod.
2. Pin each GPU to a single process to avoid resource contention.
3. Scale the learning rate by the number of workers.
4. Wrap the optimizer in hvd.DistributedOptimizer.
5. Broadcast the initial variable states from rank 0 to all other processes.
6. Modify your code to save checkpoints only on worker 0 to prevent other workers from corrupting them.

HorovodRunner is a general API, which triggers Horovod jobs. The benefit of using HorovodRunner instead of the Horovod framework directly, is that HorovodRunner has been designed to distribute deep learning jobs across Spark workers. As a result, HorovodRunner is more stable for long-running deep learning training jobs on Azure Databricks.
